feat: android/ios attributes (#106)
BugSplat-Git/bugsplat-unreal: README.md

Note that sometimes iOS applications won't crash while the USB cable is connected. If this happens, disconnect the USB cable and re-run the application to trigger a crash.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Unreal iOS project has a Build Phase `Generate dsym for archive, and strip` that runs after the Unreal PostBuildSteps. This Build Phase must run before a `dSYM` is generated. Once this Build Phase has run, BugSplat will upload the `dSYM` during the next incremental build.

Author: ```suggestion
> The Unreal iOS project's build process includes a `Build Phase called Generate dSYM for archive, and strip`, which executes after the Unreal PostBuildSteps. However, this Build Phase must complete before the `dSYM` file (debug symbols) is generated. Due to this timing, BugSplat cannot upload the `dSYM` immediately during the initial build. Instead, BugSplat will upload the `dSYM` during the next incremental build in Xcode. Alternatively, you can follow the [example](https://github.com/BugSplat-Git/bugsplat-apple/blob/main/Symbol_Upload_Examples/Build-Phase-symbol-upload.sh) in our bugsplat-apple repo to configure your a custom Build Phase for symbol uploads.

```
